content: draft: Improve 'strong auth' requirement wording (#1338)
slsa-framework/slsa: docs/spec/draft/source-requirements.md

Activities conducted on the SCS SHOULD be attributed to authenticated identities.

<td><td>✓<td>✓
<tr id="multi-factor-authentication"><td>Multi-factor Authentication<td>

User accounts that can modify the source or the project's configuration must
use multi-factor authentication or its equivalent.

> The SCS MUST declare which forms of identity it considers to be trustworthy
> for this purpose.

Reviewer: I think we should merge the later comments about informational up here
```suggestion
The SCS MUST declare which forms of identity it considers to be trustworthy
for this purpose. All other forms of identity SHOULD be considered informational
and SHOULD NOT be used for authentication or attribution.

```

and then we can remove the last paragraph.

> For cloud-based SCSs, this will typically be the identity used to push to a
> repository.
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For cloud-based SCSs, this will typically be the identity used to authenticate, which may differ from the identity in the commit metadata.

```

Author: Discussed and we'll cut.

A second factor MUST be required when a user enrolls new access tokens that
enable modifications (e.g. ssh keys, PATs), or when enrolling additional
second factors (e.g. hardware tokens, authenticator apps).

Other forms of identity MAY be included as informational.
Examples include a git commit's "author" and "committer" fields and a gpg
signature's "user id."
These forms of identity are user-provided and not typically verified by the

> source provenance attestation issuer.

Author: going to cut all this stuff
